c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/ApplicationInsights.config
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/csc.exe
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/csc.exe.config
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/csc.rsp
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/csi.exe
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/csi.rsp
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/System.AppContext.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/vbc.exe
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/vbc.exe.config
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/vbc.rsp
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Stock.dll.config
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Stock.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Stock.pdb
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/WebGrease.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/obj/Debug/Stock.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/obj/Debug/Stock.dll
c:/users/microsoft/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/Stock/Stock/obj/Debug/Stock.pdb
/Users/Bibesh/Documents/Asp/Stock/obj/Debug/Stock.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/Bibesh/Documents/Asp/Stock/obj/Debug/Stock.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
